1. The Astro Documentation Site
   1. I think I prefer one documentation site that has:
      1. Guides/Tutorials/API Reference for users of the libraries
      2. "Technical Discussion Records" for the developers (me, you, more in the future)
         1. These TDRs will most often be derived from Claude Code chat and planning sessions, etc. 
         2. I think over time we will start to identify a sort of ontology of TDR topics, but maybe for right now we'll just have them be "loose" markdown documents in no particular order. Eventually we'll want to put them in some sort of order, but for now maybe the "index" will be more of a "map of content" with links to various topics.
      3. After we discuss this, implement a skeleton of what we agree upon, I'd like to discuss maybe creating a skill that I can run at the end of a session that will ensure we capture the important bits from that chat.
         1. I'd rather have more captured in the starlight site than we need than lose anything. We can sort it out later.
   
So maybe a hueristic at a possible ontology of topics for the Astro docs site:

- Project Overview
  - The big picture - that while we are creating, specific, usable tools (like the sanitizer, the dev tools, etc.) what we are really trying to do is explore ways to promote co-work with AI coding assistants, and making the devtools legible for AI, and experimenting with ways to safely allow AI "Drive" debugging and analysis sessions.
  - The Libraries
    - Browser Dev Tools
      - The Angular Dev tools with a brief list of currently implemented features, and possibly things that are on the backlog or are in-processs
      - I don't think we need "coming soon" place holders for other versions yet, but they'd go here.
    - Sanitizer
      - I think we need to feature this prominently and emphasize the importance not just for compliance reasons, but because we need to be confident the data exposed to LLMs can't be compromised in any way due to prompt injection attacks, or whatever.
      - A quick textual overview of the conventions for things that are "auto sanitized"
      - A quick overview of the built-in sanitization rules (we can show usage in the api docs later.)
- Guides
  - A set of guides for each tool, getting started (we can add installation instructions later, when I publish something. Maybe even later today.)
- API Refrence
  - I think emphasize the guides for right now, and when we get a little farther into this, we can decide more what goes here.
- Explainers
  - These will be essays, articles, etc. *and* the technical discussion records I talked about above. 


- We should also add some licensing in this repo. 
  - I'm good with MIT - but open to any thoughts you have here.
- Later we can worry about contributor guidelines, etc. 

